Change black confing and add .env suggestion (#68)
rootstrap/tech-guides: python/cookiecutter-django.md

- A created db named `cookiecutter_starter-db-dev`, and a user `postgres` with password `postgres` 
- Then the value for `DATABASE_URL` would be: `DATABASE_URL=postgres://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/cookiecutter_starter-db-dev`

IMPORTANT SUGGESTION:

> - For critical or sensitive information/credentials please use an ENV var in `.env` file and add it also to `.env.example` for consistence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For critical or sensitive information/credentials please use an ENV var in `.env` file and add it also to `.env.example` for consistency. Also set the definition of the env var in the config file without the `default` parameter.
```
